hey everyone so let's talk about my
favorite hair and moisturizers some
people call them hair lotion so let's
get started
those of you who are a longtime
subscribers of leaves know that I used
to rave about this though this is the
African pack Alice miracle moisturizer
lotion and it's to 69 days Sally and I
don't really use it as much but the only
reason is because over time I started to
get immune to the smell of it like I
started to not like the smell but now it
smells okay like I haven't used it in
Finland it's it kind of smells like a
sweet sour type of smell I really can't
pinpoint it but I'll leave the review
cities in the description box the first
time I did review on it but I used to
rave about this stuff because first of
all it had some really key ingredients
in it it's 12 ounces I guess with
Sally's that soldiers took 69
and it has so many good ingredients
olive oil shea butter coconut oil all of
us the oil avocado oil
sensing new extract rosemary tea tree
oil like it just has a lot of really
good hook the oils in and that's what I
really appreciate about this instead
stop breakage 30-inch dryness repairs
dry damaged hair nun greens like formula
and all those things are definitely true
don't know if you can really see down in
there but it's kind of a yellow of
yellow tan color and it's creamy the
consistency is like at this till today
and it's already right there ready to
come out so it is cream the first
ingredient is water which is what should
be the first ingredient of any
moisturizer or hair lotion that you do
use I really recommend this because it's
super cheap and it's super effective
so the Africa pride now I'm moving on to
my second one yeah I know I take notes
because oh my both you who are longtime
sponsor me y'all know what this is it's
my cream of mixture with argan oil
strength and child leave-in conditioner
and I know y'all like then you just do a
video with it in your favorite leave-in
conditioners yes I did I use that I
believe in and I use it as a hair
moisturizer
it can be used interchangeably and I
also leave a review for these down in
the description box
um yeah I already know why I love this
stuff because it smells good
it is lightweight it may it puts a sheen
to your hair it makes my hair feel
stronger and softer I like the way it
smells
it has that argan oil line all their
problems other than other products
microcement fame and the special context
money
I don't know from saying it right but
there's a second ingredient in here and
any time a product has that ingredient
in it my hair it's like it's like still
just like butter
like I really love it has argan oil in
it um it does have a few proteins in it
so the cream of nature I love this now
last but not least and my absolute most
favorite it's the soup element manga
silk
leave-in hair moisturizing cream and
it's $6.99 Sally I forgot to tell you
that this is 579 and Sally okay so I am
in love like I'm really yeah I'm gonna
rage like crazy about this because
friends are okay there is the color of
it is Thomas a pearly whites the
consistency is creamy hey do you see it
moving
it's very creamy it smells like it
honestly just man it's not a certain
sweet or such a such thing but it's a
nice light scent to it and why I love
this first let me tell you about the
ingredients it's under the sticker on
the bottom but I can't kill it off for
some reason but I got all the
ingredients in the description box but
it has coconut oil psycho princess plain
olive oil castor oil shea butter
safflower safflower seed oil those are
some of the main ones that I see right
off the bag hydrolyzed Silkk and most of
the time when I see a ingredient with
hydrolyzed Silkk in it that's gonna make
my hair really soft and silky filling it
says leaving hair moisturizer cream
contains shea butter olive oil for
moisture and added Sheen protects from
dryness and freeze caused by everything
styling now why I love this stuff is
because every time I put it on my hair
my hair is so soft my hair is so soft
every time I sit on my hair and like I
used to put it on my hair when I put my
hand ponytails but you can also put a
little bit on it where you got your hair
down um it just makes you my hair feels
so soft you can also put this in your
hair like if you don't use the evening
conditioners or whatever you put like
you know a quarter sized - dime sized
amount in this and your hair while its
weight and then blow-dry
I mean issues
it's an amazing product and it has it
gives me slip like like a conditioner
would like this product give me slip I
can run my hand through my hair and
it'll feel like baby hair it'll be just
so soft and I just love this stuff eat
and it really does moisturize my hair I
have relax color treated hair and I'm
like the driest hair ever
besides forcing natural hair relax color
treated is very dry and that's why I
always mention a deep condition and this
stuff right here hydrates my hair I
absolutely love this stuff yeah so those
are my three most favorite hair
moisturizers and this one is my most
favorite all time let's get a little
close-up so you can see what it looks
like that's what it's looking like
clumps up so don't mistake because if
you oughta Sally's and looks purty say I
still have some other similar products
dance and a container just like this but
the wording is just different right
across here so if you do decide to buy
this and try it make sure you look right
in here for this exact wording so if you
guys have any questions or comments just
let me know thanks for watching